miro has also been sedated
and dr chege can examine her foot
okay
so what i'm doing is actually putting an
antibiotic guys in case to prevent
any further infection infection in a
fractured bone could be fatal
the antibiotics should save her life
so the young cough like this should heal
very fast
miro is coming round but she's totally
confused
she heads for the nearest large object
thinking it could be her mother
chagall is given the antidote to her
anaesthetic
but miro is heading off in the wrong
direction
this could be serious a confused baby
elephant could potentially run for miles
ian tries to stop her
chagall is up but she's walking away
from her calf
ian has a solution
he's trying to direct the calf to the
mother that's very good
baby elephants don't have fully
developed senses
and ian is tricking miro into thinking
that his car is another elephant
that's good enough
she just needs a final push in the right
direction
yes
thanks to some quick thinking by the
team the operation
has been a success
[Music]
david did an excellent job tactically
always a risk involved but one that paid
off this time
and worth taking all our hearts was
pumping you know just hoping that this
tiny calf you know the mother will not
just sit on her
but all went very well i felt very happy
that all
back in the wild joined their family and
they're happy as they could be
[Music]
this is a great team that can
overcome many challenges in the field
[Music]
[Applause]
you